I now want you to change to the global directory.
We are going to create a new file, WordPress Security Dot seo in F.
This file is going to contain the Engine X directives to help protect your WordPress site.
Let's start with the directives to protect the important WordPress files.
I've typed the directives on a single line.
It's a location context containing a particular directive.
If we look at the first one location, the equal sign is an exact match for the file, XML or PC dot.
All access to that file will be denied.
If we look at location told, Citrix indicates a case insensitive match for the file name.
Read me Dot H.T. Emelle.
So anybody tries to access read me dot html in lowercase or uppercase it will be denied.
We also need to disable IP in the uploads plugins and theme directories.
So if anyone manages to upload a file in one of those directories, they will not be able to execute
that particular script.
It is also a case insensitive match for a file in any one of those directories.
We are also going to filter the request methods.
The only method we will allow is post.
Finally, we are going to filter suspicious query strings in the you are all non-standard requests.
We are going to return a 403.
You can exit saving your changes CD.
We want to change directories.
You want to go back one level and then change to the sites available directory.
You can open your site's virtual host file.
You need to be very careful where you place.
They include file directive.
Engine X will process the directives in order you don't place the include that prevents the execution
of IP after the IP has already been processed.
You place it before the context that is responsible for the processing of IP.
Let me give you a demonstration.
I'm going to include our WordPress directives after the location context that is responsible for handing
over the scripts to see if PM I'm closing there.
No saving changes to the file.
Let's test the configuration and let's restart Ingenix.
I'm changing directories to my sites.
WP content directory.
I'm then going to change to the uploads directory.
Inside the uploads folder.
I've created a simple info file.
I've taught my domain name.
WP Content Uploads one, two, three DOT.
The IP is being executed in my uploads directory.
That is not what you want.
You do not want any IP to be executed inside the WP content directory.
Let's go back to terminal.
I'm going to open my sights configuration file.
So what is happening now is they include DirecTV referring to the WordPress.
Security has been placed after the location context that is responsible for processing Engine X will
process these directives in order.
I'm going to remove the include line now.
I have placed the include DirecTV above the location context responsible for processing engine X will
read the configuration file in order.
It will process our include DirecTV before it processes the DirecTV exit.
No, no saving the changes in T to test our configuration ingi or to reload Ingenix.
Let's go back to our browser.
I'm going to reload the same file this time for O3 forbidden.
Exactly what we want cannot be executed in the WP Content Directory and all subdirectories of WP content.
We now want to configure our HTTP response headers, please ensure you are in the Etsy slash Ingenix
directory from the Etsy Ingenix directory.
We want to change to the global directory inside the global directory.
So you do not know it is not SEO enough.
We want to create the file.
It is not SEO enough to store our HTTP response header directive's.
In the PDF file attached to this lecture you will find the ad header directive's.
You can copy and paste the ad header directives from the PDF into this particular file headers dot seo.
And if you can exit NENO saving your changes, a listing will now display headers dot seo in.
If we want to go back one level and change to the sites available directory, we want to open our sites
configuration file.
You can scroll down to the line that contains Jutras Files Directive COMPRIS Enter twice.
Now we are going to make use of the include directive include global slash headers dot seo in f semicolon.
You can exit neno saving your changes to the site's configuration file.
We want to test the configuration in G.T. to enable the changes in G.R..
You can open your sites configuration file.
You can go to the last curly bracket press, enter and then tab.
I've already discussed with you the advantages of turning the access log file off, especially if your
site is busy, if it's a new site you are busy creating, you can turn your access log on.
It gives you insight as to who is visiting your site.
Access log leave a space followed by the past's slash bar slash log slash Ingenix.
Now, what I like to do inside each site's configuration file, if I turn on the log file, I don't
have a single log file called Access for all of the sites on the server.
Each site has its own log file access, underscore name of the site, log semicolon and I do exactly
the same for the error log.
It makes troubleshooting much easier.
Era underscore log path var log Ingenix era underscore name of the site dot log semicolon you can exit
neno saving changes to the file.
Its test the configuration and restart Ingenix.
The listing will display excess, underscore WPEC, a log log and error, underscore WPEC ally dot log.
If I use the cat command, it will display the contents of that particular file, the error log file
is empty.
The location of your log files, CD slash file, slash log, Ingenix there is access WPC Alive Dot Log
and error WPEC Ally Dot Log.
If I use the cat command, I can display the contents of that file.
If you look at the dates, 21, 22, 23, 24 hour log files are being rotated on a daily basis.
CD slash ATC slash log rotate dot d.
A listing of the log rotate dot d directory will display a file.
Ingenix We can open that file using neno.
This is your log rotate file.
This is where you can specify how long do you want to keep a log file before it is rotated?
Do you want to compress the file once the file has been compressed?
How long do you want to keep it?
I'm going to change daily to weekly.
Rotate, I'll keep my log files for 52 weeks, you can exit saving your changes, your log files will
be rotated on a weekly basis and the server will store 52 weeks worth of Engine X log files.
In this lecture, we continued securing WordPress, this time using Engine X directive's.